feat(d11):control sending screenshots with each crash type (#1234)
Instabug/Instabug-React-Native: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## [13.0.6](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-React-Native/compare/v13.0.4...v13.0.5) (JUN 15, 2024)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Unreleased](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-React-Native/compare/v13.0.5...dev)
```

### Changed

> - support sending screenshot for `ANR`, `appHangs`,`fatal-Crash`,`non-Fatal-Crash`,`force-Restart`,
>   and `out-of-Memory` crash types using `Instabug.setReproStepsConfig` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support controlling repro steps for ANRs, app hangs, fatal crashes, non-fatal crashes, force restarts, and out-of-memory crash types separately using the `Instabug.setReproStepsConfig` API.
```

- Bump Instabug Android SDK to v13.0.6 . [See release notes](https://github.com/Instabug/android/releases/tag/v13.0.6).
- Bump Instabug iOS SDK to v13.0.6 . [See release notes](https://github.com/instabug/instabug-ios/releases/tag/13.0.6).

> 

Reviewer: Should these changes be part of this PR?
